HaSeul: Hello there, Kim Lip!
HaSeul: Here we have our sixth member Kim Lip!
HaSeul: This is your real name, right?
HaSeul: Let’s make a nickname
HaSeul: (Lip)Stick, (Lip)Stick
HaSeul : Lipbalm~
HeeJin: (Joke…) Kim Lips
Kim Lip: If we say lips… they’ll start focusing on my lips
Kim Lip: but my lips are not pretty
HeeJin: What, they’re pretty!
HeeJin: Zoom in~ Zoom in~
Kim Lip: No~~~
HeeJin: Can you remove your hand please?
Kim Lip: (Changing subject) I think I can find a four-leaf clover
Kim Lip: There’s so many clovers~
HeeJin: Should we look for one?
HaSeul: I don’t think there will be one
HaSeul: I’ve never found one in my life…
Kim Lip: I’ve found one before~
HeeJin: Me too!
Kim Lip: Maybe you never had the luck…
(Come to think of it…)
HaSeul: Right now, there’s been a hole in the tire…
HyunJin: It ate your money!
HaSeul: The rain and wind haven’t stopped
HeeJin: HaSeul’s curse~
HaSeul: Three-leaf clovers mean happiness! I will live a happy…
HeeJin: (fact) No, they’re just plain clovers
HaSeul: Oh really…
HaSeul: Don’t we have to get ready now?
Kim Lip: Ah, really? You’re right
(Finally starting the MV shoot?)